## Known Issues and Bugs

When on a smaller screen, the images for servers break the page.

No way to leave a call upon tab close

Device config dropdown lists only consistently show devices in Microsoft Edge

Potentially sensitive data is being logged to the console which users can see

SSO Registration is rejected when Microsoft Account has no first name or surname

Cannot change security questions. No option available

Users cannot change their username or email address

Admins can create other admins and remove access – opens the app up to abuse.

Users can add themselves as friends, as well as continuously send requests to the same person. --Frontend

Only the caller can add/kick participants in a group call if they are owner/admin. They should be able 
to do it as a callee as well.

If a user presses the ‘accept friend request’ button multiple times before It's processed, it sends 
that many requests and returns errors. Probably the same for similar functions

Lists for adding/kicking participants don’t update correctly when a participant disconnects/adds. 
One example is after kicking, then adding a user, the kick list doesn’t append the added user to it

After original owner hands owner status to new owner, the new owner can’t add participants to a channel, 
but the old one still can

Channels names can be duplicated and are not unique

Attempts are made during call disconnect to dispose of a non-existent video stream

Accepting or rejecting an incoming call notification takes too long to load local preview page

Can’t delete/archive a channel

A channel can have no members, and it cannot be accessed or modified.

Name of team is slightly off centre

A channel admin can remove themselves from a channel

Shades of grey on some buttons may indicate they are inactive, eg. Kanban add items, edit items

Kanban delete dialogue inconsistent with others

When no item name is entered in Kanban new item, and ‘Add’ is clicked, field name disappears when error 
is displayed

Manage users dialogue contains no ‘close’ button, relying on click outside of dialogue

Video not available on iPhone or Safari. Camera use is not requested. 

Messages from contacts are displayed from top/oldest and user must scroll down to view newest

Attachment currently displayed as non-clickable link to blob storage

You can call a channel where you are the only member

File uploads are immediately sent without having to click the “Send” button

Channels can be created by members

A user can upload a non-image file as their avatar.

Sometimes after leaving a call, a user is unable to join/start a new one due to the app thinking he is 
still in a call

Sometimes the notifications displayed are inaccurate or not meant to be displayed


